Some final words: "A goal properly set is halfway reached, " by Abraham Lincoln.
It may seem that the material presented in this course would just
take way too long to get going in your organization,
but like the quote says, setting your goal would be half the challenge.
Then I think you're home free.
I would treat the implementation of demand and work management processes and
tools like an IT project using agile or scrum techniques for all the things
you need to do in your demand list and work them.
That is, implement them in Sprints.
Then do grooming, grab a few more items, and move forward.
Now it may take some time to get where you want to be,
but that is a great way to get going.
And with the Sprint approach,
you can do the necessary course corrections to navigate your
organizational roadblocks and potential resistance to change.
Believe me, you will encounter some resistance.
Take your time, be patient, you'll make it.
Thank you very much for taking my course.
I, like you,
have struggled over the years in how to handle demand and how to get
things done in the most efficient way possible.
I hope and trust that this course has been able to
provide you with the essential tools, methods,
approaches,
and renewed confidence to help you and your teammates be more successful.
Lastly, I hope to see you again in one of my other courses, and I wish you the best in your professional journey.